QUIZ: ML Pipelines
1. What are Machine Learning Pipelines?
Answer: A way of speeding up ML development, run faster
2. How is the class called which transforms a string class label to a class index in SparkML?
Answer: StringIndexer
3. What is the class called which transforms a set of columns in a data frame to a single DenseVector representation in SparkML?
Answer: VectorAssembler

QUIZ: Splitting and Overfitting
1. When do we have an over-fitting problem?
Answer: If we perform well on the training set and poorly on the validation set

QUIZ: Evaluation Measures
1. What's the accuracy given the true labels t and the predicted labels p
Note: This is a classification problem, so the value needs to be between 0 and 1
Answer: accuracy_score coding 

from sklearn.metrics import accuracy_score
# Calculating the accuracy of classifier
print(f"Accuracy of the classifier is: {accuracy_score(t, p)}")


QUIZ: ans: Logistic Regression is a supervised machine learning model to predict a discrete (categorical) value

QUIZ: Why are Support Vector Machines also called "maximum margin classifier"?
Answer: Because distances from the decision boundaries are maximized when computing the hyper-plane of separation

1. Bayes' theorem is used for reversing the order of joint probabilities.
False
2. A box contains 3 lemons and 6 apples. We draw two fruits at random. What's the probability of getting 2 lemons? Please round your answer to 3 decimal places.

the probability of lemon is 2/3
the probability of apple is 2/6
the probability of lemon from all is 2/9 

3. You roll a six sided die. What's the probability of rolling a 3 or a 6? Please round your answer to 3 decimal places.
2/6
4.Bayesian inference is a method of inference where the probability of a _________________ is updated as new evidence becomes available.
hypothesis
5. Why is the Gaussian distribution often used in machine learning?
- The process of sampling any random distribution with finite variance and adding the numbers together produces a Gaussian distribution (Central Limit Theorem)
- Occurs naturally in many situations (age, height of people, blood pressure readings etc.)
- It is easily described (you only need a mean and a variance)
- All of the above
6.The process of Bayesian inference involves the following steps:

1.Collect data
2.Calculate the likelihood
3.Obtain a posterior
4.Obtain a prior
4, 1, 2, 3

8.Naive Bayes is considered "naive" because
the input features are considered to be independent.

QUIZ: Testing, X-Validation, GridSearch
1. What is the purpose of a test set in contrast of a train and validation set?
A test set is used to assess over-fitting hyper-parameters
2. When adding pipeline or model hyper-parameters to the search grid - what is the relation between number of tune-able hyper-parameters and the growth in computational complexity?
logarithmic , linear, cubic incorrect

QUIZ: Ensemble Learning
1. How are Random Forest different in re-sampling from Gradient Boosted Trees?
Sampling is done using Bootstrapping in RandomForests wheres Gradient Boosted Trees use Boosting
2. Which model is mostly prune to overfitting?
Decision Trees

QUIZ: Regularization
1. Which regularization technique is penalizing large model parameters most?
L2 Regularization
2. When is it appropriate to use Regularization
To prevent overfitting

QUIZ: Clustering
1. Which of the following algorithms needs you to pre-specify the expexted number of clusters?
kmeans
2. Which algorithm let's you visually determine a good number of clusters based on it's output?
hierarchical clustering

-1. What are the implications of using highly dimensional data?
Data becomes sparse as we add dimensions, 
Adding more dimensions reduces the collinearity in the data
-Adding more dimensions reduces the size of the data set,
Distances loose meaning in high dimensions
2. The process of reducing the number of random variables by obtaining a smaller set of artificial features is known as
feature reduction
3. What are some linear methods for dimensionality reduction?
Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA)
4. Which line gives the direction of greatest variance in the data set plotted above?
red
5. We use _______________ to measure how a group of random variables vary together.
covariance
6.Using PCA to reduce the dimensionality of a data set involves the following steps:
1. Centre the data
2. Find the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of Sigma
3. Compute the covariance matrix
4. Select new dimensions and project the data
1, 3, 2, 4
7. In PCA, the second principal component is ______________ to the first principal component.
perpendicular
8. SystemML provides an out-of-the-box implementation of PCA.
True

QUIZ: Fourier Transform
1. The Fourier transform is an invertible transformation between the time and frequency domain representations of a signal.
Ture
2. 
3. The plot above shows a signal in the
time domain
4. The reduction of a continuous time signal to a discrete time signal is known as  
sampling
5. (graph plotted with a shape wave)
The sampling rate is too low
6. 
The frequencies of A and B are 3.0 and 5.0 Hz.
The amplitudes of A and B are 2.0 and 3.0
7. A known limitation of FT/DFT is that it requires an infinite series of sinusoids to represent a signal, so it cannot be used efficiently in a discrete setting.
False
8. Discrete Fourier Transform is slower compared to Fast Fourier Transform.
Correct. The computational complexity of DFT is O(n^2) in contrast to O(nlog(n)) for FFT.

QUIZ: Wavelet Transform
1. A signal that does not change in time is said to be generated by
a stationary process
2. Which of the following signals are generated by a stationary process
white noise (a signal containing many frequencies with equal intensities)
a sum of multiple sine waves, each having a fixed frequency and amplitude
3. A key limitation of Fourier transform is that it cannot provide information on when specific frequencies occur in the signal.
True
4. The visual representation of a wavelet transform is called
a scaleogram
5. The wavelet defined by the function ψ(t) and used in the scaling and translation process is called
mother wavelet
-6. The x and y axes of a 2D scaleogram represent
time, amplitude, scale
7. Passing the signal through a series of low pass and high pass filters is a step in the calculation of
Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT)
8. 
a non-stationary process
